Document recommendations around semantic conventions (#94)
signalfx/gdi-specification: specification/semantic_conventions.md

> # Semantic Conventions

Reviewer: How about adding a hyperlink to this file in the main `README.md`?

This document defines the OpenTelemetry and Splunk specific standard attributes for Splunk distributions of OpenTelemetry.

## OpenTelemetry Resource Attributes

**Description:** Required and recommended OpenTelemetry [resource semantic conventions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/tree/main/specification/resource/semantic_conventions#telemetry-sdk).

All Splunk distributions of OpenTelemetry,

> - MUST set the following OpenTelemetry resource attributes according to the [OpenTelemetry Semantic Conventions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/tree/main/specification/resource/semantic_conventions#telemetry-sdk):
>   - `telemetry.sdk.name`
>   - `telemetry.sdk.version`
>   - `telemetry.sdk.language`
> 
> - SHOULD set the following resource attributes when applicable:
>   - `telemery.auto.version`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MUST set the following OpenTelemetry resource attributes according to the [OpenTelemetry Semantic Conventions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/tree/v1.3.0/specification/resource/semantic_conventions#telemetry-sdk).
```

We can get rid of copy-paste of the specs by can just making a "pinned" hyperlink 😉

Author: What if the spec changes and add new fields? That'd change GDI spec on the fly without even a version number change :) I don't see any much harm in explicitly mentioning the required fields for Splunk GDI spec and linking to otel for details.

Reviewer: Take notice the `tree/v1.3.0`  in the hyperlink 😉

Author: Then it won't change and mentioning the attributes inline has no risk so I'd make it easier for the readers and not have them open another page to read 3 words :)

>   - `telemery.auto.version`

Reviewer 2: Typo:

```suggestion
  - `telemetry.auto.version`
```

## Splunk Resource Attributes

**Description:** Set of attributes used to uniquely identify a Splunk distro version in combination with OpenTelemetry's `telemetry.sdk.*` attributes.

| Attribute  | Type | Description  | Examples  | Required |
|---|---|---|---|---|

> | `splunk.distro.version` | string | The version number of the Splunk distribution being used. | `1.5.0` | Yes |

Reviewer: Do we have a definition what a "Splunk distro" is?
For me it is some convenience library for creating the global tracer. Is my intuition correct? Maybe it would good to make it more clear.

Do we have (or want) any attributes for the instrumentation libraries so that we could identify which are used?

Author: > to make it clear by adding a definition here: https://github.com/signalfx/gdi-specification#terms

May be but this PR shouldn't care about that IMO.

> Do we have (or want) any attributes for the instrumentation libraries so that we could identify which are used?

Already exists:

https://github.com/open-telemetry/oteps/blob/main/text/0083-component.md#internal-details
https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/d001d5d25ea11a28bd4c4ec2652e2db1a41fc064/specification/trace/sdk_exporters/non-otlp.md#instrumentationlibrary

> | `splunk.distro.version` | string | The version number of the Splunk distribution being used. | `1.5.0` | Yes |

Reviewer 2: `Required = Yes`

Does that mean that we MUST add this attribute?
